1 : Agriculture Field Monitoring and Analysis using Wireless Sensor Networks for improving Crop Production 
The purpose of this is to design and develop an agricultural monitoring system using wireless sensor network to increase the productivity and quality of farming without observing it for all the time manually. Temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide levels are the most important factors for the productivity, growth, and quality of plants in agriculture. So this system periodically measures these parameters inside the fields, thus the farmers or the agriculture experts can observe the measurements from the web simultaneously. Moreover, when a critical change in one of the measurements occurs, then the farmer will be intimated via mobile text message and e-mail by an agriculture expert. 

2: Wireless Sensor Network for Precise Agriculture Monitoring
Precision Agriculture Monitor System (PAMS) is an intelligent system which can monitor the agricultural environments of crops and provides service to farmers. PAMS based on the wireless sensor network (WSN) technique attracts increasing attention in recent years. The purpose of such systems is to improve the outputs of crops by means of managing and monitoring the growth period. This paper presents the design of a WSN for PAMS, shares our real-world experience, and discusses the research and engineering challenges in implementation and deployments.

3: Design and Development of Precision Agriculture System Using Wireless Sensor Network
Crop farming in India is labour intensive and obsolete. Farming is still dependent on techniques which were evolved hundreds of years ago and doesn't take care of conservation of resources. The newer scenario of decreasing water tables, drying up of rivers and tanks, unpredictable environment present an urgent need of proper utilization of water. We have the technology to bridge the gap between water usage and water wastage. Technology used in some developed countries is too expensive and complicated for a common farmer to understand. Our project is to give cheap, reliable, cost efficient and easy to use technology which would help in conservation of resources such as water and also in automatizing farms. We proposed use of temperature and moisture sensor at suitable locations for monitoring of crops. The sensing system is based on a feedback control mechanism with a centralized control unit which regulates the flow of water on to the field in the real time based on the instantaneous temperature and moisture values. The sensor data would be collected in a central processing unit which would take further action. Thus by providing right amount of water we would increase the efficiency of the farm. The farmer can also look at the sensory data and decide course of action himself. We have made the interface of our project keeping in view the educational and financial background of average Indian farmer. 

4: Wireless Sensor Networks: Apple farming in Northern India
Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) is an emerging technology that has spread rapidly into various multidisciplinary fields. Recently the agriculture and farming industry has diverted their attention to WSN, seeking this cost effective technology to improve its production and enhance agriculture yield standard. This paper presents a brief survey of WSN and its uses in agricultural practices. Main emphasis of our study is on the use of WSN for apple farming and precision agriculture. Our paper presents a detail report on the land area used for apple farming in India. This paper also discusses some of the challenges in using WSN for apple farming. Despite of having vast area of land for cultivation, detailed finding of our study reports the poor yield (production per unit area) of apples in India. Our survey report also suggests the use of WSN for increasing the apple production.

5: An environment monitoring system for precise agriculture based on wireless sensor networks 
To solve the problems occurring in the traditional precision agriculture such as poor real-time data acquisition, small monitoring coverage area, excessive manpower requirement etc., this paper designs and deploys an environment monitoring system for precise agriculture based on wireless sensor networks in a red bayberry greenhouse located on a hillside. This system can automatically collect the temperature, humidity, illumination, voltage and other parameters of the deployment zone, and transmit the data to the remote server via GPRS in real time. This system also includes a web-based platform integrated with Google Maps to release the greenhouse environmental status and provide real-time voice and SMS alarm service. Since the experimental area is lack of mains supply, the system is powered by solar and storage batteries. The experiment result shows that the low-cost system has strong scalability, and can provide real-time, stable and accurate service for precise agriculture.

6: Study on Precision Agriculture Monitoring Framework Based on WSN 
The wireless sensor networks (WSN) is one of the most significant technologies in the 21st century. In recent years, achievements in micro-sensor technology and low-power electronics make WSN become into realities in applications. This paper describes a real-deployment of WSN based greenhouse management which is designed and implemented to realize modern precision agriculture. The proposed system can monitor the greenhouse environments, control greenhouse equipment, and provide various and convenient services to consumers with hand- held devices such as a PDA living a farming village. This paper discusses the advantages of using management strategy along wireless sensor-actor network technology for such cost-effective and environmental friendly greenhouse management. 

7: A2S: Automated Agriculture System based on WSN
Thispaper describes the results ofreal deployment of A2S which consists of WSN(Wireless Sensor Network) to monitor and control the environments and a management sub-system to manage the WSN andprovide various and convenient services to consumers with hand-held devices such as a PDA living afarming village. The WSN were deployed in greenhouses with melon and cabbage in Dongbu Handong SeedResearch Center. A2Swas used to monitor the growing process of them and control the environment of the greenhouses. We acquired valuable experiences and ideas from this real deployment and operation ofA2S and believe that they can be useful in consumer electronicsfield such as home network as well as automatedagriculturefield.

8: Smart Farm: Extending Automation To The Farm Level 
 With the advent of technology, the world around us is getting automated. Automatic systems are being favored over manual systems, as they are energy efficient and minimize the need for tedious manual labor. With agriculture being the primary economic sector of India and other developing countries, it is essential to automate it in order to increase efficiency. A typical farm requires a lot of labor. Automation can proficiently moderate the amount of manual labor, and make farming easier and faster, leading to more agricultural growth. The concept of automation is extended to the agricultural farms and farm houses. Numerous aspects of the farm are automated, which include auto-irrigation cycles and secure temperature controlled enclosures for livestock and farm products. In our paper, we implement automatic lighting system, auto-sprinkler system, in-house temperature control and security for farm houses. As temperature and motion sensitive devices will only work when required, such a system conserves energy effectively. The paper also presents features to enhance the security of the farm. Energy efficient farm automation is the need of the hour in an agro-based economy. 